now while ago if you remember Matt's
truck was in the shop everybody talked
about Matt's little Ranger now it's time
to check out my truck hey truck you
check out my crib
alright so these are the new digs for
2008 let me tell you something it
doesn't get better than this the rich
Corinthian leather save no expense we've
got the dog here she was extra they
didn't throw her in for free right cake
granite floors corian countertops and
check this out custom-made maple
cabinets you know these things set a
brother back of dollar too here was what
it's all about the entertainment BAM 42
inches of sony LCD we got a 5 disc CD
changer we got satellite system tracking
going down the road so mom can watch
your soap operas Katie can watch your
dog show that I can wash my truck you
best part about it though DVDs baby
old-school airplane it doesn't get much
better than that so this is where the
magic happens baby the old workbench
nothing but the finest Egyptian cotton
for you ladies featherbed underneath
smooth out the ride now this is what
it's all about kicking back relaxing
unwinding distressing if you will
watching a little tube now it's all said
and done head down the road
we head down the road we roll in style
as well thanks to this brand new cab
it's a 2009 freightliner cascadia it's
the new release it's got a lot of
Mercedes influence yeah that's right
because that's how we roll 454
horsepower underneath the hood so this
thing can pull just about anything down
its path I know it's no 96 ford ranger
but it is why it is a truck that's where
the similarity is then because this
thing is well appointed as well got the
rich Corinthian leather up front heated
seats five different lumbar supports
because the old football players got
take care of their back right back up
camera CB radio and this thing is nice
because it's 10 speed auto shift all you
do is put it in gear step on the gas and
you weren't gone brother
now we mentioned all the time how I race
cars went outside the truck you shop a
soccer here for once will show you what
exactly I race now this is a
turbocharged chevrolet cobalt what's
cool about this thing is that while this
four-cylinder puts out close to 1,500
horsepower yeah 1,500 horsepower on
horse owner I can't take all the credit
for that we get a lot of helping the
folks at GM and GM powertrain develop
this engines for us what it's cool about
it is is that exact same production
block and production head that you'll
get on your cobalt your solstice or HHR
in the street that's exactly what we use
here in this engine so we're taking
production parts and make them into race
parts and that's what it's really all
about this thing turbocharged I'm
methanol they said puts out almost 1500
for power will run as fast as 724 189
miles an hour gives me the national
record in both the elapsed time and
speed and hopefully a little luck this
weekend I'll help me bring home another
wallet all right the cars ready
hopefully the driver is ready the con
for us up in the lanes it's time for me
to make my first qualifying run good
time for us to take a break we come back
we'll catch you guys in the parts room I
gotta go do my real job for more
information on anything you've seen on
today's show check out speedtv.com or
visit our website at truck you TV com